.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Description
<!-- Please include a summary of what this PR is changing and why these changes are needed. -->

Fixes # <!-- issue number, if applicable -->

## Testing Instructions
<!-- Please include step by step instructions on how to test this PR. -->
<!-- 1. Tap on the Filters tab -->
<!-- 2. Tap on a filter -->
<!-- 3. etc. -->

## Screenshots or Screencast 
<!-- if applicable -->

## Checklist
- [ ] If this is a user-facing change, I have added an entry in CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] I have considered whether it makes sense to add tests for my changes
- [ ] All strings that need to be localized are in `modules/services/localization/src/main/res/values/strings.xml`
- [ ] Any jetpack compose components I added or changed are covered by compose previews
 
#### I have tested any UI changes...
<!-- If this PR does not contain UI changes, ignore these items -->
- [ ] with different themes
- [ ] with a landscape orientation
- [ ] with the device set to have a large display and font size
- [ ] for accessibility with TalkBack

Commit message:

updated pull request template to check for linting rules

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Description
<!-- Please include a summary of what this PR is changing and why these changes are needed. -->

Fixes # <!-- issue number, if applicable -->

## Testing Instructions
<!-- Please include step by step instructions on how to test this PR. -->
<!-- 1. Tap on the Filters tab -->
<!-- 2. Tap on a filter -->
<!-- 3. etc. -->

## Screenshots or Screencast 
<!-- if applicable -->

## Checklist
- [ ] If this is a user-facing change, I have added an entry in CHANGELOG.md
- [ ] Ensure the linter passes (`./codeAnalysis` to automatically apply formatting/linting)
- [ ] I have considered whether it makes sense to add tests for my changes
- [ ] All strings that need to be localized are in `modules/services/localization/src/main/res/values/strings.xml`
- [ ] Any jetpack compose components I added or changed are covered by compose previews
 
#### I have tested any UI changes...
<!-- If this PR does not contain UI changes, ignore these items -->
- [ ] with different themes
- [ ] with a landscape orientation
- [ ] with the device set to have a large display and font size
- [ ] for accessibility with TalkBack
